.TH "VIRGIL" "1" "October 14, 2015" "Virgil Security CLI (1.0.0)" "BSD General Commands Manual"
.SH NAME
\f[B]container-update\f[] -- update an existing Container object. Update container password or/and container-type. 

.SH SYNOPSIS
\f[B]virgil container-update\f[] 
[\-\-public-key-id \f[I]arg\f[]]
[\-\-private-key \f[I]file\f[]]
[\-\-private-pwd \f[I]arg\f[]]
[\-\-container-type \f[I]arg\f[]]
[\-\-container-pwd \f[I]arg\f[]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Update an existing Container object. Update container password or/and container-type. 

.SH OPTIONS
.B \-e \f[I]arg\f[], \-\-public-key-id \f[I]arg\f[]
Virgil Public Key.

.RS
.PP
.RB Format: [public-id|email|phone|domain]:<value>
.PD 0
.P
.PD
where:
.IP \[bu] 2
if public-id, then \- user\[aq]s public-key-id;
.IP \[bu] 2
if email, then \- user\[aq]s email;
.IP \[bu] 2
if phone, then \- user\[aq]s phone;
.IP \[bu] 2
if domain, then \- user\[aq]s domain.
.RE

.TP
.B \-k \f[I]file\f[], \-\-private-key \f[I]file\f[]
Recipient\[aq]s private key.

.TP
.B \-p \f[I]arg\f[], \-\-private-pwd \f[I]arg\f[]
Recipient\[aq]s private key password.

.TP
.B \-t \f[I]arg\f[], \-\-type \f[I]arg\f[]
Container type easy | normal. Default type 'easy'.
.RS
If you define the container-type as “easy”, Virgil\[aq]s Keys Service will store the association
between keys and Virgil would be able to recover the private keys for you if container password is
forgotten
.PP
If the user decides to define the container-type as “normal, the user is responsible for the security
of the container. Virgil’s service will accept the private keys whether they are encrypted or not
encrypted.
.RE

.TP
.B \-c \f[I]arg\f[], \-\-container-pwd \f[I]arg\f[]
Container password.

.SH SEE ALSO
\f[C]virgil(1)\f[], \f[C]virgilkeygen(1)\f[], \f[C]virgilkeyget(1)\f[],
\f[C]virgilconfirm(1)\f[]

.SH AUTHORS
(c) Virgil Security Inc.