.TH "VIRGIL" "1" "October 14, 2015" "Virgil Security CLI (1.0.0)" "BSD General Commands Manual"
.SH NAME

.PP
\f[B]encrypt\f[] \-\- encrypt data for given recipients.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]virgil encrypt\f[] 
[\-\-in \f[I]file\f[]] 
[\-\-out \f[I]file\f[]]
[\-\-content\-info \f[I]file\f[]] 
[\-\-recipients \f[I]file\f[]] \f[I]recipient\f[] \f[I]\&...\f[]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Encrypt data for given recipients.
Recipient can be represented either by the password, or by the Virgil
Public Key.

.SH OPTIONS
.B \-i \f[I]file\f[], \-\-in \f[I]file\f[]
Data to be encrypted.
If omitted stdin is used.

.TP
.B \-o \f[I]file\f[], \-\-out \f[I]file\f[]
Encrypted data.
If omitted stdout is used.

.TP
.B \-c \f[I]file\f[], \-\-content\-info \f[I]file\f[]
Content info \- meta information about encrypted data.
If omitted becomes a part of the encrypted data.

.TP
.B \-r \f[I]file\f[], \-\-recipients \f[I]file\f[]
(accepted multiple times) File that contains information about
recipients.
Each line can be either empty line, or comment line, or recipient
defined in format:

.RS
.PP
.RB [pass|file|email|phone|domain]:<value>
.PD 0
.P
.PD
where:
.IP \[bu] 2
if \f[C]pass\f[], then \f[I]value\f[] \- recipient\[aq]s password;
.IP \[bu] 2
if \f[C]file\f[], then \f[I]value\f[] \- recipient\[aq]s Virgil Public
Key file stored locally;
.IP \[bu] 2
if \f[C]email\f[], then \f[I]value\f[] \- recipient\[aq]s email;
.IP \[bu] 2
if \f[C]phone\f[], then \f[I]value\f[] \- recipient\[aq]s phone;
.IP \[bu] 2
if \f[C]domain\f[], then \f[I]value\f[] \- recipient\[aq]s domain.
.RE

.TP
.B \f[I]recipient\f[]
(accepted multiple times) Contains information about one recipient.
Same as significant line in the recipients configuration file.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\f[C]virgil(1)\f[], \f[C]virgildecrypt(1)\f[]
.SH AUTHORS
(c) Virgil Security Inc.
