.TH "VIRGIL" "1" "October 14, 2015" "Virgil Security CLI (1.0.0)" "BSD General Commands Manual"
.SH NAME
\f[B]public-key-confirm\f[] \-\- confirms the reset or delete a Public Key operation from the Virgil Public Keys service.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\f[B]virgil public-key-confirm\f[] 
[\-\-public-key-id \f[I]arg\f[]]
[\-\-reset]
[\-\-private-key \f[I]file\f[]]
[\-\-private-pwd \f[I]arg\f[]]
\f[I]confirm-codes\f[] \f[I]\&...\f[]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Confirms the reset or delete a Public Key operation from the Virgil Public Keys service.
Note: 
.PP
If 
.B \-r, \-\-reset 
- true confirms reset Public Key operation.
.PP
If 
.B \-r, \-\-reset
- false confirms delete Public Key operation.

.SH OPTIONS
.B \-e \f[I]arg\f[], \-\-public-key-id \f[I]arg\f[]
Recipient\[aq]s old Virgil Public Key.

.RS
.PP
.RB Format: [public-id|email|phone|domain]:<value>
.PD 0
.P
.PD
where:
.IP \[bu] 2
if public-id, then \- user\[aq]s public-key-id;
.IP \[bu] 2
if email, then \- user\[aq]s email;
.IP \[bu] 2
if phone, then \- user\[aq]s phone;
.IP \[bu] 2
if domain, then \- user\[aq]s domain.
.RE

.TP
.B \-r, \-\-reset
Default false.
If 
.B \-r, \-\-reset \f[I]false\f[]
confirms delete Public Key operation.
If 
.B \-r, \-\-reset \f[I]true\f[] 
confirms reset Public Key operation.

.TP
.B \-k \f[I]file\f[], \-\-private-key \f[I]file\f[]
Sender\[aq]s private key.

.TP
.B \-p \f[I]arg\f[], \-\-private-pwd \f[I]arg\f[]
Sender\[aq]s private key password.

.TP
.B \f[I]confirm-codes\f[]
Confirmation codes.

.SH SEE ALSO
\f[C]virgil(1)\f[], \f[C]virgilkeygen(1)\f[], \f[C]virgilkeyget(1)\f[],
\f[C]virgilconfirm(1)\f[]

.SH AUTHORS
(c) Virgil Security Inc.
