.TH "VIRGIL" "1" "October 14, 2015" "Virgil Security CLI (1.0.0)" "BSD General Commands Manual"
.SH NAME
\f[B]public-key-del\f[] \-\- delete a Public Key. 

.SH SYNOPSIS
\f[B]virgil public-key-del\f[] 
[\-\-public-key-id \f[I]arg\f[]]
[\-\-confirm \f[I]bool\f[]]
[\-\-private-key \f[I]file\f[]]
[\-\-private-pwd \f[I]arg\f[]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The purpose is to remove a Public Key’s data.
Note: 
.PP
If 
.B -c, --confirm 
- true is used, the Public Key will be removed immediately
without anyconfirmation.
.PP
If 
.B -c, --confirm
- false is used, confirmation is required. The action will return an
action_token response object and will send confirmation tokens to all of the Public Key’s confirmed
UDIDs. The list of masked UDID’s will be returned in user_ids response object property. To commit a 
Public Key remove call 'user-data-confirm' action with action_token value and the list of 
confirmation codes.

.SH OPTIONS
.B \-e \f[I]arg\f[], \-\-public-key-id \f[I]arg\f[]
Virgil Public Key.

.RS
.PP
.RB Format: [public-id|email|phone|domain]:<value>
.PD 0
.P
.PD
where:
.IP \[bu] 2
if public-id, then \- user\[aq]s public-key-id;
.IP \[bu] 2
if email, then \- user\[aq]s email;
.IP \[bu] 2
if phone, then \- user\[aq]s phone;
.IP \[bu] 2
if domain, then \- user\[aq]s domain.
.RE

.TP
.B \-c, \-\-confirm \f[I]bool\f[]
Default false.
If 
.B -c, --confirm
- false is used, the Public Key confirmation is required.
If 
.B -c, --confirm 
- true is used, the Public Key will be removed immediately
without anyconfirmation, but you must to enter Private Key. And Private Key Password 
if you have.

.TP
.B \-k \f[I]file\f[], \-\-private-key \f[I]file\f[]
Sender\[aq]s private key.

.TP
.B \-p \f[I]arg\f[], \-\-private-pwd \f[I]arg\f[]
Sender\[aq]s private key password.

.SH SEE ALSO
\f[C]virgil(1)\f[], \f[C]virgilkeygen(1)\f[], \f[C]virgilkeyget(1)\f[],
\f[C]virgilconfirm(1)\f[]

.SH AUTHORS
(c) Virgil Security Inc.
