.TH "VIRGIL" "1" "October 14, 2015" "Virgil Security CLI (1.0.0)" "BSD General Commands Manual"
.SH NAME
.PP
\f[B]virgil\f[] \-\- command line tool for using Virgil Security stack
functionality.
.SH SYNOPSIS

.PP
\f[B]virgil\f[] \f[I]command\f[] [\f[I]command_opts\f[]]
[\f[I]command_args\f[]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \f[B]virgil\f[] program is a command line tool for using Virgil
Security stack functionality.
It can be used to encrypt, decrypt, sign and verify data.
Functionality also includes interaction with Virgil Public Keys Service and Virgil Private Keys Service.

.SH COMMANDS

.\" Base commands
.TP
.B encrypt
Encrypt data for given recipients which can be defined by Virgil Public
Keys and by passwords.

.TP
.B decrypt
Decrypt data for given recipient which can be defined by Virgil Public
Key or by password.

.TP
.B sign
Sign data with Private Key.

.TP
.B verify
Verify data with Virgil Public Key.


.\" public-key commands
.TP
.B public-key-add
Register user's public key on the Virgil Public Keys service.

.TP
.B public-key-get
Get user's Virgil Public Key from the Virgil Public Keys service.

.TP
.B public-key-del
Delete user's Virgil Public Key from the Virgil Public Keys service.

.TP
.B public-key-update
Update user's public key on the Virgil Public Keys service.

.TP
.B public-key-reset
Reset a User’s Public Keys data if the user lost his/her Private Key.

.TP
.B public-key-confirm
Confirm reset or delete a Public Key from the Virgil Public Keys service. 


.\" user-data commands
.TP
.B user-data-add
Add user data email | phone | domain.

.TP
.B user-data-del
Remove user data item from the Public Key.

.TP
.B user-data-confirm
Send confirmation code to the Virgil Public Keys service.

.TP
.B user-data-reconfirm
Resend confirmation code to the user for given user's identifier.


.\" private-key commands
.TP
.B private-key-gen
Generate private key with a given parameters.

.TP
.B private-key-add
Load an existing Private Key into the Private Keys Service and associate 
it with then existing Container object.

.TP
.B private-key-get
Get user's Private Key from the Virgil Private Keys service.

.TP
.B private-key-del
Delete user's Private Key from the Virgil Private Keys service.

.TP
.B private-key-info
Get Public Key from the Private Key.


.\" private-container commands
.TP
.B private-container-auth
Authenticate a session.

.TP
.B private-container-create
Virgil’s Private Key storage provides users the container for private keys.
Every user in the public key service will have a container for storing their private keys. 

.TP
.B private-container-update
Update an existing Container object. Update container password or/and container-type.

.TP
.B private-container-reset
Reset container password.

.TP
.B private-container-confirm
Confirm password token and re-encrypt Private Key data with the new password.


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\f[C]encrypt(1)\f[], \f[C]decrypt(1)\f[],
\f[C]sign(1)\f[], \f[C]verify(1)\f[],
.PD 0
.P
.PD
\f[C]public-key-add(1)\f[], \f[C]public-key-get(1)\f[], \f[C]public-key-del(1)\f[],
\f[C]public-key-update(1)\f[], \f[C]public-key-reset(1)\f[], \f[C]public-key-confirm(1)\f[],
.PD 0
.P
.PD
\f[C]user-data-add(1)\f[], \f[C]user-data-del(1)\f[], \f[C]user-data-confirm(1)\f[], 
\f[C]user-data-reconfirm(1)\f[],
.PD 0
.P
.PD
\f[C]private-key-gen(1)\f[], \f[C]private-key-add(1)\f[], \f[C]private-key-get(1)\f[], 
\f[C]private-key-del(1)\f[], \f[C]private-key-info(1)\f[],
.PD 0
.P
.PD
\f[C]private-container-auth(1)\f[], \f[C]private-container-create(1)\f[], 
\f[C]private-container-update(1)\f[], \f[C]private-container-reset(1)\f[], 
\f[C]private-container-confirm(1)\f[]
.PD 0
.P
.PD

.SH AUTHORS
(c) Virgil Security Inc.