.Dd April 22, 2015
.Dt ENCRYPT 1
.Os Darwin
.Sh NAME
.Nm encrypt
.Nd encrypt data for given recipients
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl Fl in Ar file
.Op Fl Fl out Ar file
.Op Fl Fl content-info Ar file
.Op Fl Fl recipients Ar file
.Fl Fl Ar recipient Ar arg
.Ar ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Encrypt data for given recipients. Recipient can be represented either by the password, or by the Virgil Public Key.
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width "--"
.It Fl i, Fl Fl in Ar file
Data to be encrypted. If omitted \fBstdin\fP is used.
.It Fl o, Fl Fl out Ar file
Encrypted data. If omitted \fBstdout\fP is used.
.It Fl c, Fl Fl content-info Ar file
Content info. If omitted - becomes a part of the encrypted data.

.It Fl r, Fl Fl recipients Ar file
File that contains information about recipients. Each line
can be either empty line,
or comment line, or recipient defined as:
[pass|vpk_file|email|phone|domain]:<value>
where:
.Bl -bullet -compact
.It
if pass, then <value> - recipient's password;
.It
if vpk_file, then <value> - recipient's Virgil Public Key file stored locally;
.It
if email, then <value> - recipient's email;
.It
if phone, then <value> - recipient's phone;
.It
if domain, then <value> - recipient's domain;
.El

.Bd -literal

# Recipients defined by user identifier:
email:test@test.com
phone:+1 777 666 5555

.Ed
.It Ar recipient
Line that contains information about recipients. Same as significant line in the configuration file.
.Bl -bullet
.It
Format: [pass|vpk_file|email|phone|domain]:<value>
.It
email|pass|vpk_file|phone|domain:<value> - recipient's identifier.
.El
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr virgil 1,
.Xr virgildecrypt 1
